[DX-310] Manual triggered:  Import config documentation from mdcb:master (Agreed on comments - awaiting config.go change to trigger follow up PR) (#2561)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/mdcb-config.md

Sets the batch size for mongo results.

### analytics.driver
EV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_DRIVER</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> Determines the driver used by the storage. It could be `mongo-go` to use the official mongo driver for go or `mgo` to use the old driver. By default, the value is `mgo`.

Reviewer: golang

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Determines the driver used by the storage. It could be `mongo-go` to use the official mongo driver for Golang or `mgo` to use the old driver. By default, the value is `mgo`.
```

Reviewer: we cant fix it here

Reviewer 3: @letzya @dcs3spp do we really want to use the non official name of the language? Check https://go.dev/doc/faq#go_or_golang

Reviewer: I did not know!

### analytics.mongo_direct_connection
EV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGODIRECTCONNECTION</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> MongoDirectConnection informs whether to establish connections only with the specified seed servers,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This config item informs whether to establish connections only with the specified seed servers,
```

or to obtain information for the whole cluster and establish connections with further servers too.

> If true, the client will only connect to the host provided in the ConnectionString

Reviewer: should be the json notation not the go notation `ConnectionString`

Reviewer 2: Use the [json config notation](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/c1bb22b8a636a97b4f121148a19687df98c45969/tyk-docs/content/shared/mdcb-config.md#analyticsconnection_string)
